Extended the GitHub pull request template to require AI assistance disclosure. (#19594)
django/django: .github/pull_request_template.md

#### Trac ticket number
<!-- Replace XXXXX with the corresponding Trac ticket number. -->
<!-- Or delete the line and write "N/A" if this is a trivial PR. -->

ticket-XXXXX

#### Branch description

> Provide a concise overview of the issue or rationale behind the proposed changes.
> 
> #### AI Assistance Disclosure (REQUIRED)
> <!-- Please select exactly ONE of the following: -->
> - [ ] **No AI tools were used** in preparing this PR.
> - [ ] **AI tools were used**, and I have disclosed which ones, and fully reviewed and verified their output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Provide a concise overview of the issue or rationale behind the proposed changes.
If you have used AI tools to help with this contribution, it is useful to say what for.
```

Personally, I would let them write this info in the branch description. I also think it's kinda optional, if the contribution is good and follows the guidelines, it doesn't matter to me.

#### Checklist
<!-- Contributing guidelines: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/internals/contributing/writing-code/submitting-patches/ -->
<!-- Security policies: https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/stable/internals/security/ -->

> - [ ] This PR follows the contribution guidelines and security reporting policies.

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is to discourage security disclosure via PRs? If so I think we should have something more aggressive and bold, something like:
```
- [ ] **This DOES NOT disclose a security vulnerability** (these should be reported to security@djangoproject.com).
```

- [ ] This PR targets the `main` branch. <!-- Backports will be evaluated and done by mergers, when necessary. -->
- [ ] The commit message is written in past tense, mentions the ticket number, and ends with a period.

> - [ ] I have checked the "Has patch" ticket flag in the Trac system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have checked the "Has patch" ticket flag in the Trac system.
- [ ] If AI tools were used, I have fully reviewed and verified their output.
```
(perhaps)

- [ ] I have added or updated relevant tests.
- [ ] I have added or updated relevant docs, including release notes if applicable.
- [ ] I have attached screenshots in both light and dark modes for any UI changes.

#### AI Assistance Disclosure (REQUIRED)
Please select **exactly one** of the following:
- [ ] **No AI tools were used** in preparing this pull request.
- [ ] **AI tools were used**, and I confirm the following:

<details>
<summary>Required details for AI-assisted contributions</summary>

- **Tool(s) used**: <!-- e.g., ChatGPT 4.0, GitHub Copilot, Gemini 1.5 Pro -->
- **What it was used for**: <!-- e.g., drafting code, editing commit message, suggesting test cases -->
- [ ] I have manually reviewed and verified all AI-generated content.

> - [ ] I confirm this PR adheres to Django's contribution and security policies.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion: Should this point be moved out of the AI-specific section to a general point? I can't see a reason why this would only be applicable to AI-authored submissions?

Separately, should the template link out to said policies?

Author: yeap yeap yeap :100:
